update README.md (#25957)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/Scripts/SlackBlockBuilder/README.md

| --- | --- | --- |
| SlackBlockState | The State of the response from the user will be stored under this context path. | unknown |

**Note**

> Make sure to configure the "XSOAR API Key" instance parameter in the "Slack v3" integration. In order To get the API KEY, go to "settings" -> "Api keys", generate it and paste it in the instance parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to configure the "XSOAR API Key" instance parameter in the "Slack v3" integration. In order to get the API Key:
1. Go to **Settings** -> **API keys**.
2. Click **Get Your Key**.
3. Type a name for the key and click **Generate key**.
4. Copy and paste the key in the instance parameter.
```
